Update 2e2 to allow region changes at any moment (#1177)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

- 2d) A competitor's name, country, gender, and competition results are considered public information. All other personal information is considered confidential, and must not be disclosed to outside organizations/persons without the consent of the competitor.
- 2e) Competitors must represent a country of which they hold citizenship. The WCA Delegate should verify citizenship by means of documents (e.g. a passport) at their first competition. If a competitor is found ineligible to represent the country under which they have registered, the competitor may be disqualified retroactively and/or suspended, at the discretion of the WCA Board.
    - 2e1) The eligible countries are defined by the [WCA List of Recognized Countries](https://www.worldcubeassociation.org/regulations/countries/).

>     - 2e2) Competitors may request changes to their region of representation, which may only be done at least one year after the last change to their region of representation and before any competition they are registered for. Exception: if the competitor loses citizenship of the region which they were previously representing, they must change the region of representation before or at their next competition (see [Regulation 2c2](regulations:regulation:2c2)).

Author: ```suggestion
    - 2e2) Competitors with updates to their citizenship status may change their country of representation before or at their first competition of a calendar year.
        - 2e2a) If the competitor loses citizenship of the country which they were previously representing, they must change the country of representation before or at their next competition (see Regulation 2c2).
        - 2e2b) If the competitor has acquired a new citizenship within the calendar year, they may change their country of representation to their new citizenship at any point between competitions.
```

Suggested by Callum Goodyear.
